Take another look.
Please appear at the Prime Minister's Mansion, Mr. Zhou
My son created a song of acacia
Dedicated to Princess Linglong
Not bad, not bad
Please come with money.
Qian Gongzi appears
Somebody step forward.
Her Royal Highness
I grew up collecting instruments.
This guzheng is called Fengming
It belongs to the previous princess
For the orphan of the world
priceless treasure
I will take this today
Dedicated to Princess Linglong
Okay, okay.
This lion really can't listen anymore
What are you doing up here?
The question given by the princess is to please talent
Not for you to come up and show your financial resources
There are a few stinky copper plates at home
You see it as talent
Funny is not funny
Lao Tzu is rich
You know nothing about experience
What qualifications do you have to point fingers at me?
What is this?